[Music]
well hey there I know you love riddles
as much as I do but do you think you're
ready for a real challenge for this
particular video I've collected the
hardest brain teasers I could find all
over the Internet
so if you're able to solve at least half
of them in the time you're given you can
be sure you are smarter than most people
out there you're ready let's go
number one half-full or half-empty no no
wait for it you have a glass which is a
right cylinder and it looks half filled
with water however you're not sure
whether the water feels exactly half of
it how can you check it only using the
glass itself for this and other riddles
I'll give you ten seconds for your
answer if you feel it's not enough
though you can pause the video and think
it over go ahead now the timer's on
[Music]
to find out if the glass is exactly
half-full tip it to the side until the
water reaches the rim if it aligns
perfectly with the bottom then is
precisely at the half number to the
shakespeare riddle what is he that
builds stronger than either the Mason
the shipwright or the carpenter ten
seconds to answer the riddle by the
greatest English poet it's the
gravedigger for his houses will last
forever number three the gold issue two
men find an old golden coin and have to
decide who takes it home with him they
agree to toss the coin and see who gets
it but there's a catch the coin is a
little heavier on one side so it flips
to the tails more often than heads
what should the men do to have a fair
chance
[Music]
they should toss the coin at least twice
on the first toss they call heads or
tails and on the second one they
automatically switch their choices if
they have a tie after the second toss
they should repeat until one of them
wins both flips for a crafty teacher a
teacher wants to give her students a pop
quiz during the next class the students
however decide to skip the class
altogether thinking the teacher will
call off the quiz all of her students
know each other's names and if a student
knows he or she is getting a detention
they take the quiz but the problem is
that the teacher can only give the
detention to one of her students for
skipping the quiz yet still she managed
to make them all attend how did she do
that
[Music]
the teacher told her students that
should give ad attention to the first
person who skips the quiz in
alphabetical order this way the student
who's names the first on the list will
attend making all the rest follow suit
not to be detained 5 the lock dilemma
Sam and Emma lived thousands of miles
apart and Sam wants to send Emma an
expensive ring via mail
the trouble is however that anything
sent by mail gets stolen on the way
unless there's a lock put on the parcel
both Sam and Emma have plenty of locks
and keys but they haven't got keys for
any of the locks the other one has
balcan Sam send the ring to Emma so that
she can unlock the parcel
[Music]
[Applause]
first Sam should send the parcel to Emma
with one of his locks on it when she
receives it she should put her own lock
on the parcel and send it back to Sam
then Sam should take off his lock
without touching Emma's and send it to
her again
this way the parcel would have a lock on
it that Emma can take off and get the
ring inside six the hat-trick there are
100 prisoners lined up in front of a
jail all of them wear hats which are
either black or white
they don't know what color hat they're
wearing but they can see the hat colors
of all the other prisoners in front of
them that is the last prisoner in line
can see everyone else's hats while the
first one can't see anyone's
a prison guard approaches each of the
prisoners starting from the last one and
asks what color their hat is if they're
correct they're free to go but if
they're wrong they go to jail
the prisoners are allowed to discuss a
plan first though what should they do so
that at least 99 of them are set free
[Music]
the prisoners standing at the back
should shout white if they see an odd
number of white hats in front of them or
black if that number is even the second
prisoner should then count the white
hats in front of them and if the number
was odd and is now even or vice versa
then they know what color hat they're
wearing each of the following prisoners
should base their assumption on what
they see in front of them and what those
behind them said previously to get a
correct answer this way the ninety-nine
prisoners in the front will know the
color of their hats while the one
standing in the back has a 50% chance of
getting it right 7 the shady student
Billy has missed most of the school days
in a year and is summoned to the
principal's office when the principal
asked him why he missed out on so many
classes though Billy replied I'm sorry
principal but there just isn't enough
time for school you see to stay healthy
I need eight hours of sleep a day which
adds up to 122 days a year then I need
about an hour for each of my three meals
every day which is 45 days per year you
told us yourself that students need at
least 2 hours a day for exercise and
rest and that adds up to another 30 days
then there are weekends off making it
104 days a year and summer holidays that
last 60 days Wow
what country do you live in kid if you
add all this up you'll get roughly 361
days which only leaves four days for
school the principal knows there's a
flaw in this logic but can't put a
finger on it can you
[Music]
in fact the flaw is quite big first of
all Billy counts many numbers twice for
example weekends happen during the
summer holidays too as well as all the
rest he puts into his accounts that
subtracts a lot of days from his
equation and secondly he overlooks the
fact that a school date doesn't equal an
astronomical day so even the four days
of school that he accounts for make up
more actual days of attending classes so
if you take one school day as being six
hours long then the four days becomes 16
8 an honest person there's a party of
100 people and they're either honest or
Liars you walk in knowing two things for
a fact first at least one of them all is
honest and two if you take any two of
the guests at least one of them is a
liar with this in your mind can you
deduct how many of the guests are honest
and how many are liars
[Music]
yes you actually can there are 99 Liars
and only one honest person if you take
that honest guest and any other with
them then whoever you take he or she
will be a liar satisfying the second
piece of information you have and here's
a bonus for you to thoroughly wrack your
brain you're in a dark room with no
windows and two doors leading out behind
one of them is a hungry lion that will
attack you as soon as it sees you behind
the other is an alien waiting to conduct
experiments on you which door would you
choose in order to survive and safely go
home I guess you'll need another 10
seconds for that if you chose the door
with an alien behind it you'll survive
first because no one said that
experiments are going to conduct are
dangerous and second because aliens
don't exist alright alright at least
there's no proof of that yet anyway so
how many answers did you get correctly
share your results in the comments hey
if you learned something new today then
give this video a like and shared with a
friend but hey don't go sending Emma
your lock just yet we have over 2000
cool videos for you to check out right
here just click on this left or right
video and enjoy remember stay on the
bright side of life